---
title: "Iago Bozza"
description: >
  Hi, I'm **Iago Bozza**, a full-stack developer who works with Rails, Express,
  React and Hugo to create dynamic and static websites.
images: []
videos: []
series: []
tags: []
categories: []
weight: 20
---

{{<profile "/images/iagobozza-landscape.png" "Iago Bozza's Picture">}}

Hi! I'm **Iago Bozza**, a philosoher-turned-software-engineer.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Pellentesque convallis
pharetra lectus eu pharetra. Vivamus tellus eros, placerat ut ex ac, porta
viverra nibh. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes,
nascetur ridiculus mus. Nullam porta justo sed risus blandit, sit amet
tristique turpis porta. Aliquam sollicitudin libero pulvinar, pulvinar sem
eget, pellentesque magna. Nulla ultricies, erat ac volutpat congue, neque nisl
ullamcorper quam, eget molestie magna arcu et nisi. Integer a dictum mauris.
Morbi fermentum enim lectus, sit amet consectetur felis semper ornare. Donec
vel augue vel mi bibendum sodales. Sed viverra pretium arcu, nec luctus massa
pellentesque vel. Aliquam dignissim felis a elementum pulvinar. Vivamus eu est
vel ex mollis ornare non vel libero. Fusce bibendum velit ac vehicula mattis.

# Projects

I have a few portfolio projects listed below if you are interested in seeing
some things that I built. I've also done dozens of Hugo wesites, including this
one! You can check out my [Fiverr
profile](https://www.fiverr.com/writeonlycode) if you are interested in taking
a look at the real projects I've done, and testimonials from clients!

## SEP-API

{{<profile "/images/sep-api-screenshot.png" "SEP-API Screenshot">}}

SEP-API is an unofficial RESTful API for the Stanford Encyclopedia of
Philosophy powered by Node & Express. The official SEP website is scraped
periodically, and access its entries' contents is provided through a modern
RESTful API.


You can check out an example response from the API at:  
https://s-xhpd.onrender.com/api/v1/entries?limit=10

You can check out the documentation at:  
https://writeonlycode.github.io/sep-api/

And you can find the source code at:  
https://github.com/writeonlycode/sep-api/


## Metronomify

{{<profile "/images/metronomify-screenshot.png" "SEP-API Screenshot">}}

Metronomify is a metronome plus practice manager with pomodoro functionalities.
It includes a built-in timer, a dashboard that list your practice sessions, and
a report pane that shows your sessions with beautiful graphs. It's powered by
Ruby on Rails in the back-end and React in the front-end. It uses React Query
for the state management and React components form Mantine.

You can check out the application at:  
https://metronomify.onrender.com/

And you can find the source code at:  
https://github.com/writeonlycode/metronomify/


# Education

My academic formation is in philosophy, with focus on epistemic logic -- I have a
Bachelor in Philosophy, a Master in Logic & Metaphysics and a Ph.D. in
Philosophy.

- **University of Miami** -  Ph.D. in Philosophy, 2014-2020.
- **Federal University of Rio de Janeiro** - Masters in Logic and Metaphysics, 2012-2014.
- **Federal University of Ouro Preto** - Bachelor and Licentiate in Philosophy, 2006-2012.

If you want to check out my master's dissertation (in Portuguese), you can find
it
[here](https://ppglm.files.wordpress.com/2008/12/dissertacao-ppglm-iago-francisco.pdf).
And if you want to check out my Ph.D. thesis (in English), you can find it
[here](https://scholarship.miami.edu/esploro/outputs/doctoral/The-Nature-of-Knowability-and-the-Knowability-Paradox/991031496187802976).

# Certificates

## Programming Languages

I've completed the course [Programming Languages, Part
A](https://www.coursera.org/learn/programming-languages), offered by the
**University of Washington** through the online learning platform **Coursera**.
You can check out the certificate
[here](https://coursera.org/share/2d7103f032703fe76479014d6e317bcd)!

## How to Code: Simple and Complex Data  

I've completed the courses [HtC1x: How to Code: Simple
Data](https://learning.edx.org/course/course-v1:UBCx+HtC1x+2T2017/home) and
[HtC2x: How to Code: Complex
Data](https://learning.edx.org/course/course-v1:UBCx+HtC2x+2T2017/home),
offered by the **University of British Columbia** through the online learning
platform **edX**. You can check out the certificates
[here](https://courses.edx.org/certificates/56e7857e76454d53a7cba957cf245a6f)
and
[here](https://courses.edx.org/certificates/537afc127dcb4f54b1c51e0a54e24b84)!

# Contact

If you want to get in touch, feel free to send me an e-mail, or you can check
out my GitHub profile, or send me a message through Twitter or Fiverr!

## Email

[iagobozza@writeonlycode.com](mailto:myself@iagobozza.com)

## Github

[github.com/iagobozza](https://github.com/iagobozza)

## Twitter

[@writeonlycode](https://twitter.com/writeonlycode)

## Fiverr

[fiverr.com/writeonlycode](https://www.fiverr.com/writeonlycode)

